[TogglePasswordComponent] Add documentation for usage without Symfony Forms (#1101)
symfony/ux: src/TogglePassword/doc/index.rst

        // ...
    }

Usage without Symfony Forms
---------------------------

You can also use the TogglePassword with native HTML inputs.
It requires a little bit more work but it's still possible.

> Here is an example::

Reviewer: ```rst
You can also use the TogglePassword with native HTML inputs:

.. code-block:: html+twig
```

Author: Thanks, I did not know how to do that 🙏

    // ...

    <label for="password">Password</label>
    <input
        id="password"
        name="password"
        type="password"
        autocomplete="current-password"
        required

>         placeholder="Password"

Reviewer: Remove these last 3 attributes, just to make the example more focused

>         {{ stimulus_controller('@symfony/ux-toggle-password--toggle-password', {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {{ stimulus_controller('symfony/ux-toggle-password/toggle-password', {
```

That should work - the `/` are normalized to `--` with `stimulus_controller`. Also, let's keep off the `@` at the start (it's removed anyway)

                visibleIcon: 'Default', // Here you can pass an SVG tag or a string. Default is the value for the default svg

>                 visibleLabel: 'Show', // This field is optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                visibleLabel: 'Show', // optional
```

Author: I'll move it to `controller.ts` too

Author: @weaverryan I would like to propose this : 
```twig
            {{ stimulus_controller('symfony/ux-toggle-password/toggle-password', {
                    {# visibleLabel: 'Show password', // If you want to modify this label. #}
                    {# visibleIcon: 'Some svg icon', // If you want to modify this icon. #}
                    {# hiddenLabel: 'Hide password', // If you want to modify this label. #}
                    {# hiddenIcon: 'Some svg icon', // If you want to modify this icon. #}
                    buttonClasses: ['toggle-password-button'], // Add as many classes as you wish. "toggle-password-button" is needed to activate the default CSS.
            }) }}
```

WDYT ?

Reviewer: Yes, that's a good idea, as these are different than the form field options (which are camelcase), so mentioning these here is a good idea 👍

Author: I have fixed this here : https://github.com/symfony/ux/pull/1125 🙏 😄

>                 hiddenIcon: 'Default', // Here you can pass an SVG tag or a string. Default is the value for the default svg

Reviewer: For `visibleIcon` and `hiddenIcon`, can you update the `controller.ts` file itself so that `Default` is the default? It shouldn't be necessary to specify `Default` manually here.

Author: Yes, I'll do this.

                hiddenLabel: 'Hide', // This field is optional

>                 buttonClasses: ['toggle-password-button'], // Here you can add as many classes as you wish. You will need at least to add the "toggle-password-button" class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                buttonClasses: ['toggle-password-button'], // Add as many classes as you wish. "toggle-password-button" is needed to activate the default CSS
```
